hello and welcome to deleted media this
video is about how to authorize and
reauthorize a computer on your iTunes so
once you have authorized a computer this
will be stored and associated with your
iTunes account which is your Apple ID
and password so Apple has a limit of
allowing you to authorize up to maximum
of five computers so you have to remove
any of the existing already authorized
computer in order to add new computers
so here once you have opened your iTunes
software just go to iTunes Store and
click on sign in then log in with your
Apple ID and password then click on your
Apple account tab and navigate to
account page and you will see a page
like this one under the summary tab you
will see computer authorizations right
now I have authorized only one computer
which will be able to download the
contents I have purchased from the
iTunes Store if I have more than one
computer authorized I will not be able
to manually authorized by selecting each
and every computer from the list but
Apple provides an option to deauthorize
all computer with a button that says Adi
authorize all that button will be able
appear here
if I have more than one computer added
to the list so that is how you have to
re authorize a computer in order to
authorize just navigate to iTunes and
click on store and click on authorize
this computer it is pretty simple so
you'll be able to download the all the
apps associated with your iTunes ID and
peple ID and password thanks for
watching have a great day
[Music]